vega the government takes the government picks up the
new era government games games for
playstation 3 playstation 4 and xbox the year
in the digital media Wangari youtube
beauty that speaks again help
bringing another video for you guys
everyone very much welcome to my
galley channel right now I'm here
bringing you but not correcting
This is how credit is where I am with my
brothers and I'm here again
doing an ATV race
crazy hips sure I'm here
with scent of ball and didi and there too
I'm here with anubis galera japa galera
six the guys at the cause are absent
So we'll start the race here.
That's right with the ATV race
completed by adult then if you
see the invitation the boutique idea or not
forget and come in so you can
play with us then let's go
show can not stop
remembering that the link of this chain
will attempt to describe this video
So let's punch the door here in the
I do not have the guy here full of
luke felipe mijou good boy from
ball
griel gabriel biel give that button no
be the bills b boys lycra heitor br 12
lion 181
there we go there we go there we go there
Many people ask me these last ones.
days the people are asking why the
psn that stays in my
The description is the brs underline date and the
presence in the couple to get you
should be new on the channel a few
five months ago six months ago
16 months ago ago I think I just
being permanently banned from gta
online type I got a bad loser
in real I did not have a good income but
I ended up being like the provider that bad
loser ends if I'm not mistaken just for
so that the game can stay
with this account that the delivery and she is
completely bugged so it does not have
How can I add you guys ?
third account
also be able to play in add the galera
There, to make the live, understood human more.
I've kept this agreement here.
with fewer people because the other sought
too when you wanted to play with a
friend of yours
you could not and there were other and
others and other factors too many places there
so come on, that little run of
quadricycle this race is okay
cool because she tactical in the mud
in these constructions here
she was well prepare dinho was well
cool even if you created this one here
now you 'll have to say that from hellboy
akman but there I know but I already fell
grass someone there is another not cleared
got the robot team or even the
law was you yes I know you're on the way
or do not steal the ball the other
then hit me and I'll put a
lance silly or not but I died my father
did not die
the ball was not you but I die op
So fuck you, motherfucker.
so let's go people lets go here
passing every time I'm cheated
guys chase after me why I 'm not
internet champion
I'm very good, old man, I'm
pursued in reality I am not
crying real talking my writings know
that this time the first wash
the cause of a final package for the
attack was missing which was in
parking
It's going to take in the middle house tail.
kicking here I was in eighth I
I was in the room too.
eighth is already this is the
The role of the United States in this run was silly.
good games
the obstacle to overcome here that
is to think you do not need for
This is very good because I was the reason
comes face to face comes so 1978 to
now increase seventh also first
sometimes brass playing
lula gave that cheat table of
lng nice rossi hit the car on top
that ramp whence the enemy as
easy
I was fourth here to here I finish
then that's it
If you liked to say you liked it
even more favorite the video was the scream
of the channel liked what he saw simply
are following more videos and want
talk are all in the description of
calls for that you can not by
no content and also the walls of
which I am part of
I also wanted to tell you that you
are more than how they will support in the video
of boxing there, everyone sending a
positive message thanks anyway guys
You guys are fucking and that's why this
channel continues like this
and that's why I continue with this
I want to make a video for you all
because the interaction you have with me
It's very cool, so leave the comments.
if you want something else a
another game another series and now
I bought some pc games I bought
beginner
I bought to test bought bf3 ali
then I'll get the f4000 to start
play a little something did not
and leave in the comments you think
cool bring a little bit of sin city to
You yes 5 there, sporadically
as well as bringing a strong squad under
some code there just for you to have
idea I need to hit another game at
which let the guys and kind stay right in
scheme that I like enough to be able
Mount
is simply type the double grid of
games out there
So that's what I wanted to thank for the presence
one more time the crowd is in which
skinning six dassault but the shop works
go javanonline.ir the favorite
share with baby and also using
Do you know Carlos Ix?
it has a channel so the guy coming
Do not forget to look and in the description of the
channel it will be there also wanted
thank someone who arrives
spoke good anubis to us
Okay, hello, hello everybody. I do not know if I will.
then avoid it did not die inside the
tank in jpa galera valeu galera
So that's it, thank you very much.
everybody stay with god until the next
video hard hug kiss on these
Mules like fat and I went